A bird sat next to my window today
The bird woke me up with song

*"Little bird, little bird, why have you blessed me with your voice?"*
The little bird cocked its head to the side.
*"Because it is all I am."*
*"Little bird, little bird, you have a most gracious body. We envy your wings, the fluff of your roundness, your songs are not everything."*
*"They tell me I have no use. They tell me the world is better off without me. The world doesn't need me."*
*"Little bird, little bird, you know that is not true."*
*"But you would do the same to me."*

The next morning the bird did not sing. It did not open its beak.
*"Little bird, little bird, why have you not sung?"*
The bird gave no heed, and merely sighed.
*"Little bird, little bird, bless our ears with your song, or may you give your gifts elsewhere."*
The bird already knew this, and was gone before they had breathed the last word.
*"Even though you act in help of me, you threw me away when I did not sing."*
And the bird could only fly away in despair.

The bird flew far to the skies.
Its blue seemed in mocking spirit.
The bird knew only one way to ease its sorrow.
And so the little bird flew through the sharp branches of the forest.
Its essence dripped off of its feathers and into the soil below.
If nothing else, then it would be nothing.
And so the little bird hid itself in its wings, and cried until no longer did it breathe.
And its cuts and bruises were never to be seen by my eye.
And for that I have never regretted, for I have not known.
Or perhaps I have, but pushed it away because I could not bear.

And so the next morning, and the next, all I could see was but an emptiness upon which a song would sound, and I could do naught but move on, for I did not know the [pɹᴉq](::bird), nor its song.
And the [pɹᴉq](::bird) could not be recognized but for its feathers, which would be used as brushes, decoration.
And no one would know the song it sung in its last moment, for the thorns did naught but grant its last wish.
But I and I alone knew what the [pɹᴉq](::bird) has sung. Perhaps it is because I am one of the same that I had closed my ears.
Perhaps it is because I myself do not want to see what would become of me.
Perhaps the [pɹᴉq](::bird) never existed. Or perhaps it was all just an eye in a mirror.
But no matter, in the end there is no matter.
Such is the mentality of the little [pɹᴉq](::bird) whose song sang lost to time.

But you heard the [pɹᴉq](::bird)'s song. Or perhaps it is the song of my heart.